= math_calculator

Math calculator evaluates expressions containg terms supported bt the Ruby's Math module.
Although you could do the same with eval, MathCalulator makes sure that only valid Math
functions are evaluated.

== Install

Install math_calculator like any other ruby gem:

    gem install math_calculator

== Overview of usage

  math_calculator accepts a string containg the expression to be evaluated
  and returns the value of the expression. It optionally accepts a hash of variable
  values used in the expression. The options key must be a symbol representing
  a variable, and the options value must be numeric, which would be used as the
  value of the variable to evaluate the expression.

== Commands and Usage

Available Command:

  str = "2+4"
  MathCalculator.calculate(str)  # 6

  MathCalculator.calculate('(x+y)*2', :x => 2, :y => 4)  # 12

  str = "x+y"
  options = {:x => 2, :y => 4}
  MathCalculator.calculate(str, options)  # 6


== Issues, Suggestions

* https://github.com/aksharma/math_calculator/issues/
* or email me directly at (sharma.rubyonrails)
*     this address        (    @             )
*                         (sharmail_dot_com  )

== Contributing to math_calculator

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Anil Sharma. See LICENSE for further details.

